Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Hear me
Patricia Naranjo: Okay. Hello.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Hi.
How are you, how are you
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm good. How about yourself.
Patricia Naranjo: I'm doing a lot better. I'm no longer in that much pain.
Patricia Naranjo: Oh my god, they gave me gave me a new knee.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That's good. That is
Yeah.
Patricia Naranjo: Yeah, so
Patricia Naranjo: I'm doing okay. I'm just staying home with the kids.
Patricia Naranjo: You know they got everybody all the kids out of school. I guess for the rest of the year.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah. Yeah, it's crazy everything that's going on right
Patricia Naranjo: I know
Patricia Naranjo: It's kind of sad to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Really is. It's something that I would have never imagined being able to be a part of, you know, you hear about certain stuff in in the history books and different things, but to actually be a part of something like this.
Patricia Naranjo: Ya know,
Patricia Naranjo: I know. Yeah, I feel
Like
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You're like a little choppy with guest service. OKAY. HERE YOU TO US breaking up. All right.
Patricia Naranjo: Okay, um,
Patricia Naranjo: Last time I went off of the video.
Patricia Naranjo: I don't
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Know,
Patricia Naranjo: Let me try it. I was trying to download that.
Patricia Naranjo: App on computer
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Patricia you there.
Patricia Naranjo: Oh yeah, I'm here.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Sorry, they don't know why virtual clinic let Adrian in
Patricia Naranjo: Oh,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Give me one minute Patricia
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Alright, so it's been a while since we've seen each other and yes to update your bio psychosocial
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, let
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Me. Try to see
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How long have you been to our program. Can you hear me.
Patricia Naranjo: Yeah, I can hear you can hear me.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Still you sound better than before, but you're still breaking up just a little bit.
Okay.
Patricia Naranjo: So,
Let me chat it
Patricia Naranjo: Are you there.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, I'm here.
Okay.
Patricia Naranjo: Download the app on the computer better. So next time I'll be more prepared like that. I just didn't realize it was gonna be this fat, but anyway.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, like
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You said
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yes, you came in your
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Bio psychosocial was completed on what day was this
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: July, July 9 2019 so now the history. I have from this note the bio psychosocial is dated for July 9 2019 so for the transcriber that's doing this if you can just copy the history cycle social history just copy everything and I'll, I'll be updating each section in this session.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So Patricia. Are you updates on your flu and pneumonia and meningitis vaccine.
Patricia Naranjo: As far as I know. Yes.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay. Um, when you left right her health. It was because you went to a rehab center for your leg right
Patricia Naranjo: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, did you have any relax during that period of time.
Patricia Naranjo: No.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay. So how long have you been silver
Patricia Naranjo: Um,
Patricia Naranjo: Wow, I, I, I was taking taking painted Matt.
Patricia Naranjo: Me matters or not, but I would say, I've been sober for about
Patricia Naranjo: Six months, months.
Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So we have that. All right. And I know that you also had some struggles with alcohol abuse.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Me with that right now.
Patricia Naranjo: I'm okay. I'm
Patricia Naranjo: I'm sober still
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Um, I see that you said when you were 18 you have you made an attempt to to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To commit suicide and then again at 48. Did you do any additional temps to harm yourself.
Patricia Naranjo: No.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: In this moment. Do you have any thoughts of wanting to abuse yourself or harm anyone else.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: No. Okay. All right. Um, your parents.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Are still living.
Patricia Naranjo: Yes.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay. Um, and you have a daughter.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Right, yeah. And a granddaughter. Correct, yes.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, who are you currently living it
Patricia Naranjo: Up.
Patricia Naranjo: Right now I'm staying with my sister.
Patricia Naranjo: I might be going to help my daughter again.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Oh, okay, look. We'll talk about that. I know you're going to need some preparation, because that relationship. Have some had some struggles
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Um, let's see.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Do you have any legal issues at this time.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: No. Oh.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So what's new, since we last spoke
Um,
Patricia Naranjo: I just got the new me
Patricia Naranjo: I am no longer in that much.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Pain. I go, I still do have
Patricia Naranjo: A bit of pain in my
Butt
Patricia Naranjo: Okay, I've been staying at my cousins. And then I started staying with my sister. When I got out of the rehab.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So,
Patricia Naranjo: It's been good. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Good. So for your, your treatment plan. It was, you know, you know, the goals about being in the program attending group on a weekly basis come in individual therapy.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The relapse prevention plan working on from coping skills to avoid a
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Relapse yes
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And you said you want it to. You want it more friends and you want it to repair the relationship with your daughter.
Where are we in that process.
Patricia Naranjo: Yeah, you've been talking a lot more
Patricia Naranjo: And I don't think she's doing those drugs anymore. She said she's been smoking need to help her get off to the whatever
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Oh, she felt you
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: She told you that she's no longer doing the drugs.
Patricia Naranjo: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Do you believe her
Patricia Naranjo: I want to. Yes.
Patricia Naranjo: But it's like
Patricia Naranjo: He still has a job and
Patricia Naranjo: So,
Patricia Naranjo: She's under control. I know some, something is happening.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, so she's functioning well even though there's concerns that she may be used. And again, you do see some positive things as far as her functioning. How about you guys in your communication.
Patricia Naranjo: Yeah, we've been talking a lot more
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What about I'm just did you want it more friends.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: short term goals. Any, anything that you want to add to your treatment plan.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I can't hear you. Patricia
Patricia Naranjo: Stronger
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Spirituality.
Patricia Naranjo: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Oh, Patricia
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: My cousin Patricia really want to hear you. It's so much about it. Um, if you can get in a better area my headphones on.
Patricia Naranjo: We try to schedule right now.
Patricia Naranjo: I
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Know, because I'm fully booked this week and I already scheduled you later. Later than typical to do this bio psychosocial
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Spirituality.
Patricia Naranjo: So she's been helping me out.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: With spirituality
Patricia Naranjo: Yeah, my cousin.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay. Your cousin let you live with.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You have any long term goals.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: long term goals that you see for yourself. This time around in the program.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So that's your primary focus more working on your physical health.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Are you seeing a therapist outside of bright heart health.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: No matter what we're doing now talking with their PPC someone outside
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Oh,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I see you're meeting with them in the
Right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You've been meeting with Dominic though right for individual now.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Are you interested in doing individual therapy sessions.
Patricia Naranjo: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So let's talk more about I'm moving in with your daughter, what led to this decision.
Patricia Naranjo: She just asked me if I would
Patricia Naranjo: Go back and help her.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And when are you expecting to go over there to move back over there.
Patricia Naranjo: Within the month. Yeah, maybe after Easter.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay. Tell me about that. What are you expecting. What are you hoping. When you go there.
Patricia Naranjo: I hope to get along better you know that
Patricia Naranjo: She won't be so angry.
Patricia Naranjo: She, she
Patricia Naranjo: She just won't be
Patricia Naranjo: Talking
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Still in the relationship with the guy that was awesome at it.
Patricia Naranjo: No.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Good. That's a good sign. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So you have any concerns, anything that you're you're worried about when going over there.
Patricia Naranjo: Um,
Patricia Naranjo: No, not too much, just
Patricia Naranjo: You know that we don't start. She doesn't start being angry.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And how would you respond to that because a
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Emotion that we all experience so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How will you respond. This time around, if your daughter has an angry outbursts is irritated. What are some things that you've experienced in the past that you want to kind of work on now.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Dynamic may be different this time around.
Patricia Naranjo: I don't know, I'm not really too sure just you know I'm worried about my granddaughter.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: SO WORRIED ABOUT
Patricia Naranjo: I don't know that it's changing me or something, you know, just, I just don't want anything bad
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You don't want anything bad happens to your granddaughter.
Patricia Naranjo: Happened there.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, I'm here. What you broke up there.
Patricia Naranjo: I just don't want a bad to happen to her, you know, and I shouldn't do that way, but
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know, moving with it come from.
Patricia Naranjo: Probably cuz I watch the
Patricia Naranjo: Stupid crime shows
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You watch what
Patricia Naranjo: Watch those crime shows
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You been watching
Patricia Naranjo: Discovery.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Oh, I'm
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Gonna make this super paranoid. Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay so aside.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: From these TV show. Yeah. Aside from this TV shows.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Are there, is there anything that your daughter that you've seen in real life experiences that makes you have this worry for your granddaughter.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Trisha.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yes, there
Patricia Naranjo: Was like
Patricia Naranjo: Yeah, I watch TV shows that I might
Patricia Naranjo: Be sending
Patricia Naranjo: Out.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Real life experiences that make you have worried for your granddaughter.
Patricia Naranjo: Anything bad anything bad you know
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: One of the things that I want you to prepare for
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: going there because
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know, we spent a lot of time working together on the soul concerned being that relationship with your daughter and communication. So, this time around.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The wise thing would be to already put things in place so that the dynamic can be different.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But the dynamic to be different. You have to present different
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So in the past. I remember you told me you were pasa, you didn't say much when your daughter.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Would do it just didn't want to upset her buddy up in pasa
Patricia Naranjo: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It just allowed for to keep coming and really didn't stop it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It just continued. Um, so this time around. What could be done differently.
Patricia Naranjo: I think I would want to talk to her. I asked her, you know,
Patricia Naranjo: This time around different for us.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know,
Patricia Naranjo: Anger.
You know what
Patricia Naranjo: To make it better.
Patricia Naranjo: Or what can I do, you know, it takes two people.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Mm hmm. Definitely. I agree. Patricia want to start before you even get there. And next time we talked you guys have been talking every day start developing that so when you get there and you know you want your daughter to see a different Patricia
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Patricia that was there months ago was broken was the press was passable and carried so much guilt that she thought she deserved to be someone's punching bag.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But now,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Russia is getting stronger. So when I hear you saying it's a plan. I just want to focus on getting stronger. My hope is it's not just physical strength but emotional strength as well.
Patricia Naranjo: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So the way to develop that emotional spring and have to dig deep to find that own self respect for yourself.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To remind yourself that even when you gotta get angry or upset that you don't deserve to be disrespected
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That that's going to be your communication, right. So I'm not saying that you go there. Like, I'm the boss. And this is, but I'm saying that you go there.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: With confidence.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: With the shrink that you so desperately want, but whenever you talk about the strength. I hear it more in physical capacity with your leg. But again, my hope is that you yearn for that same type of strength emotionally
Patricia Naranjo: We have
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Honestly, take the emotional strain. Um, and mentality to get to the physical strength that you want.
Patricia Naranjo: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Right. Think about the people that that exercise and go to the gym. The strong winds that you physically see the muscles.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Is because you see them pushing themselves in the gym and see them picking up the heavier weights, you know, they're challenging themselves.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So then the outward can show the work in the muscles in the strength and so work on pushing yourself challenging yourself motivate yourself so the outside strength that your daughter sees. It's only because Patricia has done the work within to get to the strength
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Understand what I'm saying.
Patricia Naranjo: Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah.
Patricia Naranjo: Yeah.
Patricia Naranjo: Yeah, so like some days I guess when I feel down, I
Patricia Naranjo: Get up and go go walk around the block.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Go for a walk around the block, but then also in the physical aspect, every time you do something to make yourself physically stronger.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I want you to ask, why are your brain to think how can I make myself mentally stronger emotionally stronger. So maybe in those walks you know you're doing those affirmations. We talked about your, your replaying all the successes and the small victories.
Patricia Naranjo: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And your community. Okay, so when you speak with your daughter. Don't just allow it to be surface level you want to work out. Now you can see when you get there in the month.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You guys are already in a good place. You don't want to go there and then try to figure it out. That's just going to be frustrating.
Patricia Naranjo: Right, okay.
Patricia Naranjo: Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What would that next conversation look like with your daughter.
All right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Tell me, what would you say in the next conversation.
Patricia Naranjo: To say well you know I'm
Patricia Naranjo: I'm mainly concerned about your you know how anybody get and, you know,
Patricia Naranjo: And I'm
Patricia Naranjo: Not standing up, you know, I don't have anybody that way.
Patricia Naranjo: To help you to anchor.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What I found helpful Patricia in communicating is I feel fill in the blank. I understand. Fill in the blank. I need fill in the blank.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So something like so. So conversation like this, based on what you share with me with your daughter will be something like this. For example, what's your daughter's name again.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Amber.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I feel
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Hopeful
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: About moving back in with you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I understand. Last time I was there. We had some challenges, but this time around I need us to communicate better
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So it's the I feel
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Fill in the blank and whichever feeling is applicable for you. I understand because you want her to see that you're considering her in this communication and then telling her what you need at the end because you never really communicated what she needed from your daughter.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Right. Since everything that she needed. And that's how that you build up.
Patricia Naranjo: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, okay. You remember that the I feel
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I understand, and I need. And when you just you structure your communication in that way. One, it gives you a structure so that you don't get off track.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And you can just be very clear. You don't have to go on and on and on. You can just be very clear. Um, and like I said, it also allows for the other person to see what you observed from them in the relationship as well. So it doesn't seem like you're just coming in saying
Patricia Naranjo: Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And I do see that you met with them and meet for individual sessions so on.
Patricia Naranjo: Oh yeah, she did.
Patricia Naranjo: Yeah.
Patricia Naranjo: Document care.
Patricia Naranjo: Call
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Again, yeah. The treatment plan. Okay, so I'm not sure which one is going to be a therapist.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But I'm either way.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You want a session if you're going to continue on with Dominique, make sure you reach out to her. So that, okay, get the support you need. This time around, Patricia
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm hopeful that you will take advantage of the therapy that's available to you because like I said, working on the emotional strength is most important.
Patricia Naranjo: Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You have any questions for me.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, yeah, we can be. I just, I didn't know because I looked and I saw that you met with dominates herself and maybe this time around.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You were meeting with Dominic. But yeah, just reach out to me. And when I do the sessions. I would love to continue the work that we did in the past so that we can continue working on some communication techniques with doing your daughter.
Patricia Naranjo: Okay, that sounds really good.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, good. So, um, you know how to reach me or contact the virtual clinic so we can get an appointment on the calendar. So, okay.
Patricia Naranjo: Okay.
Patricia Naranjo: Thank you so much.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Thank you. Have a good day.
Patricia Naranjo: And stay safe.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: YouTube. Take care. All right.
Bye.